lahaus
3. model test properties. (
  sebastian:
    t.string "project"
    t.string "built_type"
    t.string "price"
    t.string "address"
    t.string "apt"
    t.string "hood"
    t.string "city"
    t.string "private_area"
    t.bigint "user_id"
  santiago:
    t.string "admon"
    t.string "build_area"
    t.string "social_class"
    t.string "state"
    t.boolean "elevator"
    t.string "common_areas"
    t.string "property_tax"
    t.string "rooms"
  norman: 
    t.string "bathrooms"
    t.string "half_bathrooms"
    t.string "parking_lot"
    t.boolean "utility_room"
    t.boolean "empty_property"
    t.boolean "inhabitants"
    t.string "rent"
    t.string "mortgage"
)
4. model test photos - sebastian
5. controller test photos -norman
6. model test user new attr (santiago)

8. arreglar el pequeño flash visual cuando se entra a admin sin loguear
8. agregar header con token para borrar propiedad

holberton

 1. Progress #advanced - Norman

In a section named “Progress”, answer:

    On a scale of 1 to 10, how would you rate the progress you’ve made this week?
    How are you measuring your progress?
    Discuss why you have given your team (or yourself) this rating.
    Provide an assessment of whether your project will be completed on time as specified in your Project Proposal and MVP definition.

2. Challenges mandatory  santiago

In a section named “Challenges”, answer:

    What challenges have you discovered about your project that were not obvious when you did your research?
    How have you had to change your plan to adapt to these unearthed challenges?
    Describe any unexpected non-technical challenges?

3. Collaboration/Communication mandatory - sebastian

In a section named “Collaboration”, answer:

If you are working in a team:

    Discuss the challenges and/or success your team has had with collaborating

4. Project Updates mandatory 

In a section named “Project Updates”: - santiago

    Outline any changes you are making to your portfolio project’s deliverables. Provide reasoning for each.
